h2. multistrap

"https://wiki.debian.org/Multistrap":https://wiki.debian.org/Multistrap
		

Multistrap is a tool to create a root file system. It can generate the root file system of arm64 in x86.

In Mendel Linux build, multistrap is exected directory on x86 machine (not run in the docker image). Multistrap fetches prebuild .deb packages and creates "rootfs_arm64.raw.img". "rootfs_arm64.raw.img" is a 'raw' (plain) image for arm64. TPU board specific extra .deb files are additionally installed on this image file.

Usage of multistrap
* "https://github.com/jeasinema/debian-ubuntu-zynq/blob/master/README.md":https://github.com/jeasinema/debian-ubuntu-zynq/blob/master/README.md
* "https://developmentkit.wordpress.com/2012/05/29/make-your-own-debian-system-for-arm-building-debian-root-file-system/":https://developmentkit.wordpress.com/2012/05/29/make-your-own-debian-system-for-arm-building-debian-root-file-system/

Following is an example of the manual execution of multistrap.

----
<code>
 root@debian:/rootdir/tmp# ./multistrap -f /rootdir/out/target/product/imx8m_phanbell/multistrap.conf -d rootfs
 multistrap 2.2.10 using /rootdir/out/target/product/imx8m_phanbell/multistrap.conf
 multistrap 2.2.10 using /rootdir/out/target/product/imx8m_phanbell/multistrap.conf
 Using foreign architecture: arm64
 multistrap building arm64 multistrap on 'amd64'
 <snip>
 I: Unpacking complete.
 I: Tidying up apt cache and list data.
 I: Tidying up apt cache and list data.
 
 Multistrap system installed successfully in /rootdir/tmp/rootfs/.
</code>

----

Full build result is "here":https://github.com/obrtks/mendel/blob/master/multistrap.log?raw=true)

After the execution of the multistrap command, fundamental files/directories (e.g. bin  boot  dev  etc  home  lib  lib64  proc  root  run  sbin  sys  tmp  usr  var) for linux are defined.

----
<code>
root@debian:/rootdir/tmp# ls
multistrap  rootfs
root@debian:/rootdir/tmp# ls rootfs/
bin  boot  dev		  etc  home  lib	lib64  proc  root  run	sbin  sys  tmp	usr  var
</code>

----